ibmi: set the highest process priority to -10 (#2642)
libuv/libuv: docs/src/misc.rst

        On Windows, the returned priority will equal one of the `UV_PRIORITY`
        constants.

>     .. note::

Reviewer: This note seems to be redundant now.

>         On IBMi PASE, the returned highest process priority is -10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        On IBM i PASE, the returned highest process priority is -10.
```

        On Windows, setting `PRIORITY_HIGHEST` will only work for elevated user,

>         for others it will be silently reduced to `PRIORITY_HIGH`.

Reviewer 2: We should probably add a similar clarification on IBM i, as you are not allowed to change your priority unless you have `*JOBCTL` special authority (even to lower it!).

    .. note::

>         On IBMi PASE, the highest process priority is -10. The constant 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        On IBM i PASE, the highest process priority is -10. The constant 
```

        On Windows, setting `PRIORITY_HIGHEST` will only work for elevated user,
        for others it will be silently reduced to `PRIORITY_HIGH`.

    .. note::

>         On IBM i PASE, the highest process priority is -10. The constant

Reviewer: This note seems like it has fallen behind the code changes a bit.
